I started by adjusting only the number of checkers without changing anything else. With the rest of the initial condtions 
unchanged, increasing the number of checkers past five had no change on the shoppers wait time, however, this drastically 
increased the idle time. By decreasing the checkers, I noticed that the wait time did not increase until i got from five 
to two checkers. Three checkers had the same wait time as five, but nearly half the idle time.

Increasing the max number of items selected by the shopper significantly increases the wait time from the intial conditions. 
I think this is just due to the fact that it takes more time to check those items out, I don't think it affects the line queues
all that much. I increased the max of the item range from 20 to 100. After doing this, I noticed increasing the number of
checkers in response didn't affect the wait time. Therefore, the amount of items range doesn't have much of an affect on waiting
in line, only on how long it takes to get checked out. 

I then increased the rate of new customers from one ever two minuted to one every thirty seconds. After changing the number of 
checkers in response, I saw that increasing the number of checkers decreasing the wait time slightly until I got up to seven 
checkers. The average wait time was only about 10 seconds faster than with five checkers though.By increasing the new shopper 
to one every 12 seconds, the average wait time increased significantly to an hour. It took 150 checkers to get it back down to a 
couple minutes. If the rate of new customers increases ten fold (one ever 2 min, to one every .2 min), as it might at peak
busyness, then the checkers need to be incerased to 8 to bring back wait time to a managable number.

Adjusting the shopping time makes very little difference.

Summary: 

By adjusting the values of the simulation considering realistic conditions, the ideal number of checkers would be in the 3-7
range, ideally 4. However, if the rate of new shoppers increases dramatically, as happens with real grocery stores, the number
of checkers needs to be increased to the 7-10 range, ideally 8.